New at release 0.3.3 - Beta:


Page 000 (Boot Screen) + Page 001 (Home Screen):

	Updated version# on Boot screen from 0.3.2 to 0.3.3


Page 003 (Print Tune Screen) + 012 (Print Paused Screen) + 018 (Miscellaneous Settings Screen)

	Replaced On/Off buttons with single toggle button for LED, which now also shows current commanded state of LED.


Page 002 (Print Status Screen) + 007 (Print Paused Screen) + 004 (Print Finished Screen)

	Print Progress Bar shortened to fit portrait mode screen.
	Added Elapsed Print Time display.
	Added (printing) Filename display.


General Cleanup:

	Changed font to B612 Monospaced Google Font
		Increased font size to 12pt
		Raised font to stop the clipping of the descenders

	Cleaned-up backgrounds to remove cut & paste artifacts.

	Moved scrolling message bar to same height on all screens.

	Standardized all screen titles to 12pt font


"Hidden" control features in this release: 

	Tap the target temperature values on any screen, to popup a keyboard and modify the values.
	Tap the heater icon on any screen, to turn off that heater.
	Tap the Klipper Icon on the Home screen, to return to the Boot screen (gives access to "Restart" and "Firmware Restart")
	Tap the version number on the Home screen, to switch to the "System Information" screen. (Nothing particularly useful there, yet.)


Known Issues at this release:

 - The FONT (.HZK) file has changed at this release.
	- It is included in the DWIN_SET folder and will slow the flashing process
	- After flashing it once to the display, that file can be removed from DWIN_SET

 - No Print Menu functions have been implemented (yet)

 - Elapsed print time variable stops counting, while print is paused (by design)
 - Elapsed print time variable includes "time paused" in the total duration (Using total_duration until find bug in the print_duration code.) 

 - The RESET and FIRMWARE RESET buttons on the splash screen do not work on power-up.
      They do work after a FIRMWARE RESET from the Mainsail Web client. (NOTE: This may not be "fixable" Klipper seems to need to initialize those remote controls while being reset...)

 - Using PAUSE or CANCEL while printing may cause "strange" behaviours. 
	e.g.: - Sometimes see "move out of range" errors in the Mainsail Console, suggesting that commands which should be in absolute coordinates may sometimes be executed in relative mode, during  CANCEL_PRINT.  That error in-turn also triggers CANCEL_PRINT, so Klipper also throws a "CANCEL_PRINT macro called recursively" error.  
  		- CANCEL_PRINT consistently leaves Klipper/MainSail thinking that the printer is still printing.  Can not start a new print from the CANCELLED state.  (May be a Klipper bug fixed at a later revision?)  EMERGENCY_STOP usually resets the system.  If not, then ReBoot or cycle power.

- The Filename field is limited to displaying 24 characters.  I am having trouble understanding the behaviour of DWIN_SET and its interaction with DGUS_Reloaded.
- Similarly, the message line is implemented using a Scrolling Text widget, because I can not get a plain text field to align correctly.  
-  This is the best I can do, for now.

NOTE: I could use a bit of help to analyse and modify the Python bits of the Klipper side.  Please join me in the Discussions section, if you think you can help.  

Cheers!