New at this release:

All Screens revised, to adopt the CR6 Community Firmware "look" and workflow-based organization (except where Klipper functions differently from Marlin, such as Z-Offset vs SET GCODE_OFFSET Z.)

Page 0000 (Splash Screen):

 Update version# on splash screen from 0.2 to 0.3
 "Re-branded" with CF6.1 splash screen background and revised "DGUS-Reloaded Community Edition" banner

Page 0001 (Home Screen):

 4-button layout per CF6.1 design. (Print button hidden until some Print-Related functionality is implemented.)
Add v0.3-BETA tag to screen

Page 0002 (Printing Screen)

 Revised to CF6.1-themed buttons and displays. Have hidden the PAUSE PRINT and STOP PRINT buttons, for now, since those functions are not working correctly.  
Fixing those is high on my "to-do" list for a future release.  
Printing Time function to be in a future release.

Page 0003 (Print Adjust/Tune Screen)
 Updated to CF6.1 theme.

Page 0004 (Print Finished screen)
 Re-themed to CF6.1.  Printing Time function to be in a future release.

Page 005 (Was Temperature Screen)
 Redesigned into a "Manage Heaters" screen
 Material Presets selection implemented as pop-up menu (for now).
 Consolidates several functions previously on other screens. 
 Considering adding PID menu button in future release.

Page 0006 (Prepare menu)
 New menu at v0.3.  Mirrors CF6.1 Prepare menu screen, in purpose
 Linked to Manage Heaters page.  Kept Cooldown button to cover cases where user observes need to turn off heaters while on this menu, but does not want to (or does not remember that they could) go to Manage Heaters page to do so.

Page 0008 (Move Screen)

 Re-themed per CF6.1 controls
 Bypassed bug in Enable/Disable Stepper code, by replacing with M18 Disable Steppers only.  See no Use Case for an Enable Stepper function.

Page 0009 (Calibrate Menu Screen)
 New Calibrate Menu screen, per CF6.1 UI philosophy
 No E-Steps function in this UI.  May add at future release.

Page 0010 (Leveling Menu Screen)

 Re-designed, per CF6.1 philosophy.
 Incorporated the Manual Bed Leveling menu button, from DGUS-Reloaded design.

 Incorporated the SET GCODE_OFFSET Z function, from DGUS-Reloaded design.

 Modified the Klipper side (vars_in.cfg) to cause the Home Z button to bring the head to Z=0.0 instead of Z=0.2.  
  NOTE: Still need to review the Klipper code for this Offset function.  Can not tell whether it loads the calibrated Z offset value from Printer.cfg.  Would prefer to implement the Klipper Calibrate_Offset/Test/Save_Config approach, in a future release...

Page 0011 (Paused Print Screen)

 Transparent to user and disabled at this release, but needed this to solve the problem of how to return from TUNE to one of two screens, depending on whether the printer was being Tuned from a printing state or from a paused state. (Moot point at this version, since Pause is not available and TUNE is not working when the printer is paused...)

Page 0012 (Manual Leveling Screen)

 Made Nozzle and Bed temperatures modifiable from the footer display, same as on CF6.1 screens. Removed redundant control/display of these parameters from main screen. (Anticipate wanting some of that real estate back in future releases) 

Page 0013 (Automatic Leveling Screen)

 Re-designed, per CF6.1 philosophy.
 Mesh now updates to the current BED_MESH=default values stored in printer.cfg, at startup.
 Moved heater controls to bottom of screen, and spaced the mesh values for ease of reading.  Would like to reduce this mesh to a 4x4 matrix or perhaps a variable-sized mesh based on the printer.cfg mesh settings, in a future release.

Page 0015 (Filament Screen):

 Add material presets to page.
 Re-themed to CF6.1  

Page 0018 (Settings menu2)

 Consolidated the Volume and Brightness controls onto a common Misc Settings page.
 Navigate to this menu from Home page as start of CF6.1 Setup menu.
 Hope to create more of the CF6.1 Setup capabilities, in a future release. 

Page 0019 (PID Tuning Screen)

 Converted to CF6.1 theme.


Update pages.cfg and vars_in.cfg

Re-generate project bin files.

Rebuild 32_screens.icl, 24_Icons.icl and 277 Buttons.icl


Known Issues at this release:

- Z Offset function may not be working correctly. Needs further study.
- Printer still shutting down on "unmanaged exception" on the first HomeX and HomeY events after power-up.
 - No Print functions implemented (yet)
 - Print pause/resume function not yet converted to CF6.1 version
 - Elapsed print time variable not working (suppressed until fixed)
 - Material presets popup implementation not elegant. Needs refining.
 - The RESET and FIRMWARE RESET buttons on the splash screen do not work on power-up. THey do work after a FIRMWARE RESET from the Mainsail Web client.

NOTE: I could use a bit of help to analyse and modify the Python bits of the Klipper side.  Please join me in the Discussions section, if you think you can help.  

Cheers!